I in India and we're about to buy the
wackiest Indian tech that I can get my
hands on and then we're going to test it
we're going to find out just how cheap
we can get Tech but also how great
Indian tech can be if you have the money
to spend with this
guy we are right now in Asia's biggest
computer Market it's a hub for all the
gadget lovers now one thing I didn't
anticipate is the sheer number of Indian
fans who were just as Keen to see what
we'd find look at this crowd this is
crazy and with this Army it was time to
shop one let's say how cheap we can get
a speaker boat was the one you were
telling me about isn't it the speaker
we're trying to establish if this is a
real or a fake so this is $6 basically
this actually seems like a very high
quality speaker for that price party
speaker party speaker we have airpods
Pro 2 here yeah that's upside down so
that's not real come on look at this CH
cast over here that's not a real CH cast
yeah you can absolutely tell I have a
don't you have a radar for this kind of
stuff no idea that's perfect this place
is absolutely mindblowing it's an Apple
Watch Ultra Apple watch Ultra look at
the authenticity of the fake it's even
got real apple style screws so The Fakes
have got better yeah right now at this
moment there are about 100 people
outside the store this is the one apple
won give you more than a single strap
for free and that two is a very basic
one here you're getting seven straps
seven straps meanwhile in India as of
now it's $25 let's see how low we can go
so I think we should try that power bank
over there it looks like a like a
knockoff version of one we have another
thing you notice they do a lot here is
they unbox everything live right in
front of you so you can tell that it
actually is what you think it is it has
a built-in torch as well if I'm not
wrong it's pretty interesting this one
store has every single gadet also also
the repairing at the back and the
repairing at the back within like an 8 m
length have some very authentic looking
Apple cases in the corner so a normal
Apple case would cost you $50 so £500
worth of stash oh my God look at this
look at that it's got all the hall marks
of Apple it's got the Apple font it's
got almost like a fake peel sticker but
it is an apple be very curious how cheap
we can get this $150 that's how cheap
they've got a dual wireless micop system
when I shop back home a price is a price
when a company tells you it's not the
case here no so sometimes it is to be
honest but not everywhere $99 for
everything we bought in this shop soar
is saying it's twice the price it should
be he's trying to get it
hard it's a good haul we're just getting
started Mission complished part one part
two is here Street Market time so this
is where we get the real Bargains get
$3 for this ah GUI inter n Vuitton
Adidas nor face so now it's on different
phones but sometimes you would have a
single case with all the logos on one
case I've seen that as well that's how
it's called profit maximization yeah
that's how you pay yeah that's how you
pay everyone's using a smartphone
everyone has good speeds of data
everyone has a digital bank account and
that's how the real life is so India
right now does the most amount of
digital transactions globally that's
crazy back home you don't see cases for
anything but the iPhone and Samsungs you
see a Vivo I assume that's like a realme
there's an Oppo real me everything you
can actually buy in India fake casetify
cases like a ripoff of a ripoff we want
to see like how good a speaker can sound
but cost like a couple of dollars I just
realized look they've got a series 9
watch with their gesture the gestures
barely work on the real these two 2,000
yeah that's pretty good we'll do that so
this one QR code allows anyone to pay
any any time with their phone it has a
speaker it will confirm the payment so
that he knows that I
paid that is such a good system India I
want to see what else we can get at this
Market a lot of clothing so how much
would something like this be K
we50 Nike shoes
$3 so at this point we've got a handful
of very inexpensive gadgets and one
suspiciously affordable pair of trainers
but I also want to make sure that while
we're here we pick up some of the higher
ticket items okay so yeah that's two and
then maybe also the projector spy
cameras are a big thing here
yeah this is a apparently handheld
gaming console but it's $10 so this
seems even better the M8 Pro a Smart Box
that are attached to a dumb TV and it's
10K Ultra HD 10K Ultra HD 10K never
heard of it you guarantee 10K yeah turns
out the 10K is actually referring to the
number of games but they knew what they
were doing here Aron surprise for you
yeah something that very rare to see now
come I'll show you straight away this is
like gor's favorite phone shop ever will
become yours favorite as well have a
look at this oh my goodness me engage no
way what is this what am I looking
at a call recorder for the iPhone this
is very interesting that is absolutely
brilliant yeah yeah just like a small
Maxi power bank no software any call
here oh my goodness me what what what is
that so what do they do are they like
indicators it can show you like these
alien eyes or whatever and then the app
you have all the combinations here I
just need a motorbike now Roy maker made
with pride in India that's brilliant
make the dough put a small amount in
between press it up we're going to
spread it cook it and the right
temperatures and give you this as an
output I just need to learn how to make
the dough my mom will be so proud this
is what we came here for that was cool
but we can't forget about the Indian
High Street stores so we found the
official Samsung store so it's a smart
Cafe it's like a mini store for the
experience what would be really cool to
get is India exclusive phones what's the
most impressive m34 is the hot selling
right now so this is an India exclusive
phone Samsung m34 we'll get an m34 this
is a multibrand outlet from let's say
Samsung to xiaomi to Oppo to OnePlus to
real me what would be the most iconic
like Indian phone lava lava that's a
good idea turns out not a single shop
seems to sell this indian-made lava
phone it's exclusively online to be able
to make it as affordable as it can be
there must be some string we can pull so
I'll get you a lava because it's
actually like Super AMOLED curved screen
let me pull that string and a sub to the
channel would
be Mazar
ma that was absolutely crazy BR time to
raise the bar how about we use an app to
shop we can actually shop smartphones
not delivered to you like in a week's
time but in fact under 10 minutes it's
called blink it before you blink it you
have it oh my goodness me um that
basically sounds like a superpower an
app that allows you to order basically
anything you want to wherever you are in
minutes I think we have to test it let's
get some tech earphones coming to you in
8 minutes only minutes we don't even
have an address right now they're called
the air dopes of course they are you can
get a foot massager you can get an
actual massage delivered to you for
services we have Urban company like
let's say you want a haircut in the next
2 hours
so as well as the blinket app which is
all about getting products you quickly
this Urban company app covers your
services you know this is one of the
coolest things about India because
development has happened later here than
many other countries most of the
population's first computer was actually
a smartphone which means that everything
here can run based on apps that factor
in that the entire population is using a
single platform it's incredibly
streamlined so they can yeah repair your
house they can even repair your car
let's just do it then I'll book myself a
shoulder massage for when we're unboxing
these products definitely need
that I cannot believe
it food massage this is the most insane
merger of past and future your food
massage honestly what on Earth all
thanks to this beautiful little bit kit
here I think the best shopping
experience you know yeah because you
don't even need to do anything yeah it's
testing time so let's go roughly from
least expensive to most expensive oh and
also technical Gori gifted me this he
said it's a folding iPhone so we get to
that when we test the rest of the phones
but let's start with the accessories so
our $150 official iPhone case and the
$350 official Nikey shoes so case and
shoe and I got to say pretty impressive
case you can see the seam a little bit
more than on an official Apple case but
it feels really soft it has that same
rigidity that the real Apple silicon
cases do it has the felt interior and
even the engraving I mean yeah it might
get a little roughed up over time but
then again this is what our official
Apple case looks like after a couple of
months so I'm going to say straight 9
out of 10 the shoes are well definitely
too small I think in really wanting to
make a sale they just told me that the
shoes will work for me which I've come
to realize does not mean they are your
size but apart from that the quality and
the Finish is well beyond what I was
expecting like even if you took off the
fake Nike logo you still can't get shoes
that look like this in the UK or us for
less than $4 and why are they
comfortable this should not be
comfortable but they are honestly I feel
like you could just get a decent pair of
insults slap them in tell your friends
you spent 20 times as much on your shoes
as you actually did and they would
believe you and while we're on the
accessorizing train I did find this call
recorder thing absolutely fascinating so
you might know that iPhones have no
inbuilt ability to record a phone call I
guess Apple sees it as a privacy risk
India does not seem as concerned so
let's say I'm having a private phone
call now or at least what drisha thinks
is a private phone call hello what is
your deepest darkest
secret you didn't so obviously this
thing records my voice cuz I'm speaking
directly into it but for it to record
the other person's voice even if your
phone is not on loudspeaker it takes in
the vibrations that their voice create
in your phone and uses a level of
processing that reconverts those
vibrations back into a voice that you
can play out loud see if it worked says
the file was recorded on the 1st of
January 19 70 what is your deepest
darkest secret question uh the since is
just us think up start and you had no
idea I was recording wow that's pretty
impressive like it's not the clearest
sound I've ever heard but given that
it's converting audio that you wouldn't
otherwise even be able to hear that's
actually alarmingly good especially
since it was done through this $150
iPhone case which no doubt did not help
the connection that's an eight let's
just hope Milo doesn't catch wi with
that conversation India's really really
impressing me so far but audio is
probably where we're going to get the
clearest idea of just how the value for
money stacks up cuz we have a lot of
reference points so this is basically
the absolute cheapest Bluetooth speaker
I've ever laid my hands on welcome to MC
Music World Bluetooth mode no volume is
not going to be an issue okay that's a
lot better than I was expecting it to be
it's a little bit muffled but very loud
and very functional you know like when a
friend says to you can you bring a
Bluetooth speaker with you to the park
so we can have a big barbecue or a dance
this very much does that and because
it's $7 you can have that without the
possessiveness that comes with a product
you might have spend $100 on so I am in
B it's even got rubber feet at the
bottom and it's well connected you've
got Orcs input you've got USB you've got
SD card and of course Bluetooth I would
go as far as to say that for what it is
this is a
9.5 now on to what should be an even
more impressive audio experience at $10
the air dopes yeah you definitely losing
yourself at least half a point for
calling yourself the air does but more
importantly this doesn't feel good like
the colors look really muted the logo is
off center the hinge is a little loose
the actual construction too pretty rough
around the edges and then to finish it
off and I have noticed this on a few
products out here is that it comes out
the box with scuffs maybe the factories
here they aren't as careful as they
should be or maybe the packaging wasn't
secure enough so during Transit it's
constantly getting scraped by the cable
that also comes in the Box whatever the
reason it just just feels like I bought
a pre-owned product now of course making
packing and shipping a pair of true
wireless earphones for $10 in total that
is a really tall order and you feel that
stretch here but if they work well and
they sound good I'll still be impressed
okay so opening them up does Auto pair
to your phone Good Start um what the
sound is in complete contrast to the
rest of the construction it's crisp it's
clear it's no dvla but I've also used
plenty of $30 $50 earphones that don't
sound as good as this which is enough I
would say to give them a s at the same
time though for every person who buys a
pair of Air does there's also going to
be someone who really wants to feel like
they have the real thing and that is
what this is for I mean the packaging is
not the most convincing it's very much
giving often we have apple at home kind
of vibe but the hardware is shockingly
realistic for the
price why does it sound like I just
walked into a convenience store oh okay
it pairs up in the exact same way as
real airpods it actually comes up as
airpods Pro 2 and so far I am blown away
by this cuz remember it's much harder to
make a good pair of fake earphones than
it is to just make the best pair of
earphones you can for the money cuz
you're building around an existing set
of
constraints those fit I want to say
better than my real ones they don't have
any active noise cancellation so we have
been like to but you know the passive
noise cancellation because of how well
they
fit a lot better than you would expect
for $15 they even have the official
Apple connection sounds I see where the
compromise is so do you remember when
Beats by Dre first became really popular
and actual audio files were very upset
because while they claimed to be the
real way to listen to music they were
actually just smacking people around the
face with bass yeah so this is kind of
like that but times five and at the
complete cost of the rest of the sound
there is definitely a type of person for
whom that would be considered good sound
but universally speaking that does kind
of kill it for me so instead of giving
these something like a 9 out of 10 I'm
going to settle on a seven what's kind
of crazy to me though is that because
the Baseline products here in India are
so cheap it creates the space for
actually good quality mid-range products
for still less than $20 like this one
from boat and I say good quality with
almost no catch this feels really
weighty high-end not actually dissimilar
from those Jawbone speakers that used to
be really popular and you know $100 plus
uh I think this is our Mass
hi um
y thank you oh my goodness this is
actually the perfect time to get some
relaxing music on power on you pluged
into Nirvana o that sounds good like a
definite step up from the Soundbar
speaker we tested earlier and also it's
got to a level where it's a very
comfortable base level audio experience
where nothing feels particularly missing
but also no one part of the music is
overpowering the other the only two
catches I would say are that one while
it does look like a 360° speaker the
sound does in fact only come out of one
way and also I can see a tiny bit of
paint having been scraped off and I
wouldn't be surprised if this is just
because the shopkeepers are so liberal
with taking it out the box and demoing
it to every single person they show it
to it's getting places that no massage
I've had back home has gotten overall
you just don't get value like this in a
typical British or American Store 8 out
of 10 one Trend I have noticed while out
shopping in India more so than anywhere
else in the world is people love their
all-in-one products they want to buy a
speaker for example but they also want
that speaker to be their One-Stop shop
for all their Tech needs and this
karaoke bic is a pretty good example of
that so for starters it's a wireless
karaoke mic that you can sing into but
it's also a voice recorder a voice
changer and NightLight and it's all
topped off with a 10 wat speaker that's
not just how your voice is projected out
but also how you hear the music that
your carry youring too oh and you can
also choose whether you want to use the
headphone jack or Bluetooth or even the
radio as an input that's interesting
just jamming along to whatever Tunes are
on the radio that's quite a lot of stuff
for what we negotiated down to $30 so
the only copyright free song I can
actually sing along to is happy birthday
happy birthday to
you happy birthday to you this right
here is one of the weirdest videos we
have
ever happy birthday to you oh but also
this supposedly has the option to in
real time be able to use artificial
intelligence to strip the actual vocals
from the song you're listening to so
that you can just have the instrumental
in the background let's try
it happy birthday to you so this is the
original song voice
cancelling oh my
God that is an actually insane feature
to have on a karaoke mic I'm I'm going
to go as far as to say 10 out of 10 dipy
as well thank you so much the final
audio product then and the one I would
actually say I'm most intrigued by is
this set of DigiTech wireless
microphones now I do realize that a
microphone review doesn't sound like a
party to most people but as a Creator I
use something exactly like this all the
time you see this thing this is the DJI
mic 2 it comes in a charging case like
these DigiTech it has two microphones
like the DigiTech so you can stick one
in a friend you're collabing with or
interviewing except this is
$350 it is 10 times the price of the
DigiTech so you've been hearing this
whole video what the audio sounds like
on the DJI mic this is what it sounds
like on the DigiTech there's a
difference there is definitely a
difference but it's probably not as big
as you'd expect it to be now of course
yeah the DJI does also have bigger
batteries and some nice quality of life
improvements like a vibration motor to
let you know that it's recording but
then again with this kind of price Gap
it is really cool to see how this
company has still made it it work how
they' managed to cram all of those
essential features into a package that
does still do the same job and even
though I'm sure DJI could make something
like this a simpler version of their
existing microphones for like $70 that
retain the same audio quality but lose a
lot of the additional extra features of
course they choose not to because when
something like this exists it's of
course going to cannibalize a lot of
sales from something like this that kind
of dilemma does not really exist in
India which is quite freeing 8 out of 10
this one's fun I want to make this a
tradition to be honest where wherever we
go to a different country to make one of
these buying Tech videos we get one
piece of tech that helps us make a local
food in Japan we did rice cookers in
India we're doing rotties now I just
need to get the stuff to make the
dough blink it I can't describe to you
how awesome the service is it makes the
UK Look Backwards
so while that stuff arrives in 7 minutes
by the way let's test some watches it's
literally got the hand doing the gesture
on the box which is one of the headline
features of the real series 9 I'm just
thinking the sophistication required for
a watch to be able to pick up your hand
gestures surely this $15 fake isn't
going to do that impressively realistic
presentation though holy cow I mean yeah
the box was impressive but I thought the
second I turn this thing on I'm just
going to burst into a laugh but I'm kind
of in shock right now so bearing in mind
that this is a $15 watch by the way it
comes with not one but two sets of
straps and these straps are I'm not even
exaggerating when I say
indistinguishable I cannot tell the
difference in quality between this and
the real Apple strap it feels exactly
the same the same plush feel the same
stitching quality it's embarrassing for
Apple to be honest you know what just
for the ls let's swap out Apple's real
one for this one this is going to be my
new strap so that one slides out and the
new one slips in it's even locked in
place using the exact same mechanism and
Titan that is actually such a joke
but it's not just that this body is
actually made of metal and glass and you
see this Crown it Cycles through all the
iconic official Apple watch faces some
do look a bit rough admittedly but
what's shocking me the most is the
quality of the screen I don't know how
but it genuinely looks like an OLED
display with this level of contrast and
because of it it achieves the exact same
screen melting over the sides look as
the real one oh yeah and it even charges
wirelessly and magnetically and comes
with the charger to be able to do that
you know there's saying when you're out
here in India a saying that means to
make existing things work at all costs
or to make new things but with limited
resources it's called jugad and I just
feel like we're seeing it through and
through with so many of these products
we're testing just a a real scrappiness
and a desire to make the best thing that
you can and then also to sell it at
whatever price you have to oh and then
to top the whole thing off fake apple
rings to track your fake
steps oh I got an idea so here here's a
plan real Apple watch fake Apple watch
I'm going to do 100 steps and we'll see
which one step counter is more accurate
let's
go 100 okay so the real watch has
calculated that as 112 which is
surprisingly not accurate the fake has
calculated it
as
35 right so don't use it as a fitness
tracker but as a surprisingly realistic
lookalike to a real Apple watch that
does tell the right time 9 out of 10 oh
and then if the $15 Apple Watch series 9
wasn't already ridiculous how about the
$18 Apple watch Ultra which forget one
band or two bands comes with seven seven
bands if you were to shop on the
official Apple Store that would cost you
like
$350 we have effectively paid less than
five it looks like the watch is running
the same software as a series 9 but
completely new set of watch faces and
I'm still taking in how they've
basically recreated every single app
that comes with an Apple Watch down to
their own versions of the workout
regimens and breathing exercises wait no
no it's even got a blood oxygen app you
know the whole blood oxygen thing that
Apple themselves were blocked from using
cuz of that lawsuit from the company who
said they copied their Tech this has the
blood oxygen app so if we enter the app
it's actually flashing at the
bottom surely not I know how we can know
for sure let's try running the test
while it's on a table so running running
oh
never mind it is still a very good value
product for someone who just wants a
watch oh and a strap for every single
outfit they own in a slightly different
vein then we got that spy watch it
became pretty clear to me when out
shopping that spy cameras in general are
a big thing in India and it's super
interesting how they work cuz look at
this watch if you didn't know what it
was then unless you were inspector cluso
in another life there's no way you would
just assume it was anything but a watch
it tells the time like normal it's got
chunky metal Construction but I've been
using it to secretly record this entire
conversation and for me actually the
most surprising part of it is how decent
the quality is like the 1080p video the
audio considering how tiny the video
camera and the microphone are very
usable there's actually one more thing
to this if you look closely you'll be
able to see three LEDs in a triangle
around this watch face those are
infrared lights which means that this
watch camera can see in all lighting
conditions even in Pitch Black let me
try and show you
right let's see how that turned out oh
and you know how they've hidden the USB
port so if you keep rotating the crown
on one side it comes out to reveal it
it's such a tight fit it's almost like a
feet of engineering slightly we of
bringing all you grad to the bath with
me but this is a particularly dark room
right now I can barely see
anything in
credit wow that is cool I can see this
being a part of a proper surveillance
Arsenal
okay so roty ingredients are all here so
a traditional Indian roty you can
actually make with just two ingredients
flour and water so you just form a mound
of flour pour a little bit of water on
get your hands dirty bash them together
with your hands and you get your dough
and as soon as you have your little
dough ball if you want to you can put a
little bit of oil on there this is what
my mom does I asked her Moment of
Truth open it can we just close my
problems yay it's a dark looking Ry and
so one classic thing that happens when
you're cooking rotties is they puff up
as air starts to enter on the inside
pretty impressively non-stick surface
then what takes this from practical to
treat is ghee which is essentially
heated and clarified
butter God look at this may have put a
little too much on there let's load you
up good looking bit
Roti it's a little bit crispy on the
outside soft chewy on the inside but
very buttery all
around I'm can actually eat a lot of
that give me like 5 minutes
it's good now just before we get to the
phones which is definitely the thing I'm
most curious about given that India has
its own entire mobile sub climate I
think it's time to make an India style
TV setup okay let's do the next few
together in wongo so the Chromecast is
not super convincing based on how it's
packaged it feels cheap and light and
well knockoff cuz it is but like a
streaming device at $8 I can kind of see
how that's possible but a handheld
gaming console at the $10 we bought it
for is almost confusing to me like $10
for a screen a chipset controls battery
speakers who's making money from this we
got the foot massager which while my
eyes are gaming is what my feet get to
experience and that poor guy who
manually cycled this thing to us I mean
the thing was enormous he could have
probably done with it the most then we
got the Home console the M8 Pro which is
significantly more expensive than the
handheld although unlike the foot
massager looks pretty modest in terms of
what it's going to be able to run and
then what I'm banking on really being
able to take all of this to the next
level is the beam 440 projector which we
paid $78
for
um I'm kind of Blown Away right now this
projector for example is not just a
projector it's an Android TV box so
Netflix Amazon Prime YouTube all of that
not a problem it's got a 3w speaker
built inside of it but also look at this
stand you can rotate to any angle I
thought it was 180° it's not it's
actually 270 cuz you can even shoot down
the most impressive part of it is look
how quickly the image corrects itself it
doesn't matter what angle I'm shooting
at the wall from it's basically 100%
Distortion free it kind of reminds me of
Samsung's freestyle projector and yeah
that thing had a 1080p image this is
720p but that was $900 this is less than
80 it's a product that really embodies
that whole jagard mentality like
wherever you have space stick it down
make it work so to me it feels like a
strong nine the chomecast is not as good
news sadly see like a real chomecast
which would be $30 or so it can turn
your non-smart TV into a smart TV by
allowing you to at any point in time
stream directly from your phone but
unlike a real chomecast there is
constant Flicker and by flicker I don't
mean something that's mildly Annoying
It's dysfunctional it just keeps turning
on and off and no matter how many hours
we pour into trying to fix it it is
wasted it's starting to become pretty
clear that this is a fundamental
Hardware issue so I guess this is the
lottery you play when you buy things
that are a lot cheaper than you expect
them to be one out of 10 what about the
console though well it's got this
absolutely awesome intro featuring the
likes of fake Mario fake Luigi and fake
Donkey Kong I think so when you get in
you got a fairly janky looking home
interace but going to the game section
and this is kind of game of paradise to
be honest this tiny little box is
effectively promising you the ability to
play games from any console up until the
PlayStation 2 including really difficult
ones to emulate like the Nintendo 64 and
the PlayStation portable now that is a
very exciting prospect to me it's just
it seems like they forgot to you know
actually put the games on here from what
I can see online of other people with
the same console theirs just works and I
don't think I'm going crazy I mean the
packaging even says builtin 10,000 plus
games so unless the very definition of
built-in is something different around
here we have been lied to so I can't
really give this one a rating it does
make me think though we went to the
full-on Tech District in the middle of
Dilly and I didn't see a single
PlayStation 5 or Xbox series X I don't
think gaming consoles here are nearly as
much of a thing as they are in the west
I guess in the west many people just
take it for granted that yeah me and my
entire group of friends can all afford
to pay $500 for a console and $70 for a
game you can do a lot with that kind of
money here and a lot of people need to
do a lot with that kind of money here so
I assume that's why it's not picked up
in the same way and so it does feel like
the vast majority of gamers in India are
ball Gamers jard using the hardware that
you've already paid for instead of
buying a completely separate set of
Hardware oh but there is good news too
like my feet feel Flipping Fantastic I
was a little scared when I saw the 45 or
so dollar price tag of this thing but
having used it now I can completely see
why the thing's got proper pressure it
really gets in there it's not the most
plush or comfortable massage of money
can buy like you can absolutely tell
that this isn't the Royal Foot service
or 10,000 but it absolutely Ely does put
the work in I'll probably leave this one
with the people who work here but we
should definitely think about getting
one of these back home and also look at
this removable covers which makes a lot
of sense because you're probably going
to want to wash them every now and again
and then for this handheld console
everything is quite light and cheap but
that's fine I completely expected that
so at the start menu you can either
click Chinese or English interestingly
not Hindi it's basically 520 old school
retro games wherever you go so if I
click Street Fighter 2010 for example Le
it's actually really good like yeah the
thing's plasticky but it's comfortable
the controls are really responsive the
speakers are pretty good and the screen
is everything you need to get an
authentic retro experience wait Angry
Bird it's like someone's completely
reprogrammed what was originally
designed to be a smartphone game into
something that was made for a console 40
years ago I mean it kind of works but
it's really bad this is definitely Angry
Birds at home everything's so rigid and
basic but I'm kind of impressed
someone's done this and to top the whole
thing off they are also promising 6 to 7
hours of battery life which is plausible
I've already run it for three the other
day and it was smooth sailing that's got
to be an 8.5 just because of how Bonkers
it is that you can have 520 video games
plus the console designed to play them
on for less than the price of two cups
of coffee back home ramping up now to
some of the most expensive items we got
from here with the $100 smart backpack
oh wow this makes an impression I do
always love the look of these hard shell
back packs they feel so precise and
meticulous but I'm not sold on the
practicality I just feel like the fact
that they're so rigid in shape means
they're naturally going to be less
flexible to whatever you want to carry
in the moment but alas this is no
ordinary backpack it needs power so
let's get our transparent power bank out
by the way does feel like a massive
bargain cuz this is the main power bank
I use 25,600 Milah but it's $200 this
20,000 mAh Which is less but we paid $27
so there's a micro dot display which
shows you battery percentage LEDs too oh
and there's levels of brightness that's
quite a bit brighter actually than a
phone flashlight the only catch is it's
not the fastest charging this is not
going to be able to charge a laptop like
this can but it can charge a phone or in
our case a backpack so power bank goes
in here oh yes we have
power why am I so excited about a
backpack this is an expectedly slick app
ooh that is interesting so if I tap on
one of these sets of eyes and my bag
looks like it's trying to kill me it's
actually not a bad way of keeping people
away from your property I'm actually
quite impressed with the quality of
Animation like some of these actually
seem to be running at a full 60 frames
per second you've got eyes that animate
you can change the shape of the eye oh
you've got eyes that indicate that's
actually useful I mean I don't imagine
most people that are buying a bag like
this are doing it for safety but just
the nature of having LEDs on your back
is going to increase your visibility on
the road ooh I've just found a new menu
that's got hundreds oh and it's even got
ones that pass through from one side of
the screen to the other as if it's one
continuous uninterrupted display ah you
can make your own okay give me a minute
oh
yes perfect backpack does not
exist Josh is just shaking his head
disapprovingly behind the cameras split
the image in two but now both the eyes
are like a mile apart from each other we
have fun okay this was a lot better than
I was expecting it to be but
fundamentally any backpack that requires
a constant Power Bank inside to keep it
going it's not really going to get past
the novelty stage for me onto the phones
now starting with this apparent folding
IOD made by the company snexian which
hey to be fair is actually a bit of a
looker H okay this is not what I was
expecting it to be I mean I don't know
what I was expecting but I was not
expecting this it's actually a feature
phone with some pretty inconsistent
backlighting behind the keypad a screen
that doesn't seem properly aligned so if
I click this button for example
radio when notifications come in it
lights up your social media logos which
is quite amusing since there is
absolutely no way this thing is running
Twitter it's got a headphone jack a USBC
Port oh that's interesting looks like a
massive torch wow that is exceptionally
bright I guess with most modern
smartphones it doesn't make any sense to
put a torch on top cuz it's also going
to double as your flash for your camera
but given that this phone doesn't really
have to worry about that it's actually
quite practical having a flash up here
and it gives it space to make it
extremely powerful I still can't see
properly I wonder if you have any games
on this thing I feel like a bit of
classic snake right now would really hit
the spot okay it's got got one game and
that game is F1 yeah guys this is
actually the new portable PlayStation 5
oh wow I mean it's kind of adorable in
its own unique way I'm not about to
start shouting snacky from the rooftops
but this actually isn't terrible value
for someone who wants a decent feature
phone with a form factor that's going to
attract a lot of attention but
thankfully we do have two proper
smartphones the first is an India only
variant from the global company Samsung
the second by an actual India founded
and run company so let's start with the
Samsung this is the Galaxy m34 and I
actually really like the core
fundamentals like it's well-rounded it's
comfortable to hold it's inoffensive for
the most part I wouldn't call it much of
a looker from the front with its beefy
bezel and Notch but I would go as far as
to say that the back is pretty here's my
beef with it though the bloatware
situation here is per like the moment I
first connected to Internet it just
started freely downloading banking apps
and games that I've have no doubt
Samsung India is getting a kickback from
there's an entire homepage widget that
it's literally just a rotating advert I
mean it's not hard to get rid of but the
concept is pretty scary there's actually
so much advertising here that it makes
me angry like every single time you just
lock and unlock it there's a new lock
screen and each lock screen is a link to
a different article with each one having
a new advert literally every 8 cm of
page you scroll now if you look past
that then performance and cameras do
seem pretty strong for the price and one
thing that I do really like about Indian
geared phones is they seem to go hard on
battery like this thing has a six th000
millia capacity I wonder if that's
because India is such a spec focused
market and battery is one of the easiest
cheapest specs to upgrade either way 6
out of 10 here's what I would call the
hero product though this is the lava ugy
2 and it's an Indian phone through and
through and this is what I was hoping to
see we paid $200 for this phone $200 you
would expect to get you a pretty
noticeably cut back from Flagship
experience but look at this this is a
120 HZ HDR 10 plus AMOLED display it is
easily the best screen I've ever seen
for this money the back of the phone
very much feels like the high quality
frosted glass that you get on flagships
and the software is very close to stock
Android 13 this thing's giving me major
Google pixel energy and almost no bloat
wear which after the last phone is a
nice change of Base as for the camera
let's test it so while we've been here
in India obviously videos can't stop we
still got a post on YouTube Instagram
Twitter and importantly in this case Tik
Tok Tik tok's banned in India it'll just
say you have no internet connection if
you try and use it and so this is yet
another one of those cases where by
using surf shark VPN which redirects
your internet traffic to trick sites
into thinking you're someone and
somewhere else saves the day I already
use surf shark all the time whether it's
to watch TV shows that I wouldn't have
been able to watch or reduce the anxiety
from joining what appears to be a pretty
dodgy Wi-Fi connection but the craziest
part of it is that it's barely cost me
anything see with the code boss surf
shark is less than $3 a month for an
unlimited number of accounts with 6
months extra for free and a 30-day money
back guarantee and given that you can
actually use surf Shar to save you money
when buying expensive things like the
tickets to get here that alone has been
worth more to me than the subscription
cost in totality oh yeah and this phone
overall feels like a nine to me